st2 [1891][ADD] stock_quantity_history_date (#139)
qrtl/hls-custom: stock_quantity_history_date/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This module does following:
- Adds inventory_valuate_date field in date_range module.

> - Shows inventory_valuate_date in Inventory Valuation wizard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module does the following:

- Adds the valuation_date field in the date.range model.
- Adds the date_range_id field in the Inventory Valuation wizard to propose the valudation date from the selected date range.
```

Author: Thank you, I edit.
